>> Steve Kinney: Okay, so we talked
about react, and we talked about redux.
I do wanna round back to this mysterious
react-redux library that you saw me use
with a bunch of methods that
I only partially explained.
So good news is you effectively saw almost
all of it when we did that example.
And so far that's even smaller than Redux.
That it has basically two things in it.
It has that provider component
that I got very hand wavy about.
And it has this connect function, which is
used for creating higher order components.
You could theoretically write
connect yourself, right?
Some of you have probably
tried to connect yourself.
It's pretty straightforward.
Take these two objects, combine them,
and return a function waiting for
a presentational component.
There is some black magic happening
in there, that we'll talk about, and
that's related to the provider.
That's where things get a little squarely,
but we'll discuss that.
So that's it.
Let's talk about connect first.
So we saw before we have mapStateToProps,
mapDispatchToProps,
and yes it's a higher-order component
pattern and you pick which things you want
from the store, you can try transform
the data if you want here to, right?
So we just took the number of
people value from the store,
but you could theoretically
transform that data if you want.
So let's say you had a to do list and
you had different visibility settings,
like only show me the available ones,
only show me the done ones or
the undone ones or something along those
lines, only show me the overdue ones.
You could theoretically have the array
of all of the to dos In your store,
you can then also have maybe like
what visibility filter they're set to
whether it's done, or
currently to do, or overdue.
And maybe you do the transformation,
you have to think about a map,
a map is transforming an array a lot of
times right We're taking this entire state
tree We're transforming it into what
the presentational component needs, so
we could theoretically take the filter,
take the array of items and
create the subset of items that
the component is expecting, right?
So we can just pluck stuff the state
tree but we can also transform it.
And then mapDispatchToProps,
which is just putting together
the action creators that your component
is going to need to change things.
There's a chance that your application
doesn't need both of these or
your component doesn't need both of these.
If it's just displaying state, you
might not pass that second argument in.
If it's just a button you might
not have any states to give it,
that is totally fine.
You can omit mapDispatchToProps.
You have to put something in
the first argument in order to
provide a second argument, otherwise
the second argument is the first argument.
So, you can pass in null or
undefined to get yourself to
the second argument in that case.
Yep, you mix these two together and
pass them as props to a presentational
component, we saw this before,
this will just theoretically,
item should be pluralized here.
This will pick just the items
off the state tree.
This would pass the entire
state tree through.
So, you would pass the entire tree in.
This would theoretically filter
all of the packed items.
It's strange that I'm using
these examples and slides again,
it's almost like you're going to
need it soon, very weird, cool.
So then dispatch received the current
stores dispatch method and
allows you to create an object of methods
that are eventually gonna call it.
So you can do it by hand, like this,
or our good friend bindActionCreators
from Redux, right?
You can give it this object of keys and
functions, I'm using the,
again the ES6 short hand notation
to just call them the same thing.
And then you pass into dispatch and
it will create that object for you.
So whichever one makes you happier,
you don't have to use bindActionCreators,
you might not want to if you want to
do some changes to things in there.
But you can also, if you find yourself,
it's tedious to create an object with
the same methods as the action names and
that passing the values through and
calling dispatch you can
use bindActionCreator,
it's just a helper method
that we wrote earlier.
So we can see that's a very
simple helper method.